Brazil no surprise a becket bed again
but can they get the better of Spain and
go through to tomorrow sure peace we
know grenade Chevy a it had to be him
it just had to be him his ninth goal of
the competition and Brazil in front and
there's equalizing goal bit of good
fortune about it but Spain a level and
one loss got it
each goal out here when Marc followed up
Andrews initial effort on goal had been
blocked this is Bruno Chevy a still
Bruno Chevy hits the sand and then hits
the outside of the upright
the tinea Android Oh
he was going to settle it there and his
shot comes off the outside of the
upright
pathan eaten away by mao that was pretty
close great stop there by now
Bruno will have three minutes of extra
time to decide the outcome of this
semi-final and if we're still level
after extra time we'll be sudden death
penalty's score at the end of the third
period is Spain won Brazil one will be
barely a moment to catch breath for some
of these players because extra time will
begin very shortly indeed Bruno Pathan
as it crossed the line from Nico Spain
reckonin hares shot by Nico bounced on
the sand the crazy bounce and by the
time Bruno had got there the bull across
the line
Georgie neo
overhead kick beating away surely that's
it now Spain within touching distance of
the final I you Dean
Spain can't get there
Bruno Chevy is tackled they can get
there now Spain are going to the final
their first FIFA final in this
competition ever and what a story
Brazil one of the pre-tournament
favourites are eliminated the lower
scoring semi-final on record when it
belongs to Spain Vidal scores Spain to
Brazil one Spain progressed to the final